you're gonna steal this diamond hmm that
diamond is my ticket out of this
godforsaken continent that doesn't
answer the question
my dad came home from the war and 69
that took him about 20 years to get
right few Americans Americans love to
talk about your feelings huh so what
does that mean does that mean you've got
a thing for messed-up vets now he lost
about your parents it's a polite way of
putting it down mom was raped and shot
and um that was decapitated and hung
from a hook in the bomb I was nine
booooo-whoo right sometimes I wonder
god never forgive us for what we've done
to each other then I look around and I
realize God left this place a long time
ago
sir
[Music]
oh it's the pointer